sql: introduce invisible index (#2971)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md

Currently, the optimizer can use the indexed expressions when the expressions are only in the `FIELD` clause, `WHERE` clause, and `ORDER BY` clause. The `GROUP BY` clause will be supported in future updates.

## Invisible index

> Invisible index is a new feature introduced in MySQL 8.0 that sets an index to invisible so that the optimizer no longer uses this index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invisible indexes are a new feature introduced in MySQL 8.0 that sets an index to invisible so that the optimizer no longer uses this index.
```
